# Diabetes_Prediction_by_using_Machine_Learning_Algorithm_of_Support_Vector_Machine-SVM-
In this project, I build a machine learning system that can predict whether a person has diabetes or not. For this, I used important machine learning algorithm called as Support Vector machine(SVM). SVM is a supervised machine learning algorithm. In supervised learning, we feed the data to our machine learning and the machine learning model learns from the data and its respective labels. The labels are the most important things in this case. We train our model with several medical information such as the blood gulcosel level and the insulin level of patients along with whether the person has diabetes or not. So, this act as labels whether that the person is diabetic or non-diabetic. This will be the label for this case. So, once we feed this data to our support vector machine model. It tries to plot the data in a graph then find a hyper plane, which separtes this data into two hyper palne; Positive hyper plane which predicts a person is diabetic and negative hyper plane, which predicts a person is non-diabetic. So. First of all, we need the diabetes data then train our model with the data and the respective labels. Before this, we need to preprocess the data where analyze the data then standardize the data so all this data lies in the same range. After preprocessing the data, split this data into training and testing data. Then, train our machine learning model with training data and then we try to find the accuracy score of our model with the help of our test data. It will tell us that how well our model is performing. So, once we split the data into training and testing data. Testing will will feed to our Support Vector Machine model. Here, we we will be using a classifier model where this model will classify whether the patient is diabetic or non_diabetic patient. When we give a new data, So, it can now predict whether the patient is diabetic or non-diabetic. 
